DAY 2
Principles of Robotics

Agents - An agent is anything that is placed on an envionment with the aim of interaction. Comprises of sensors(anything that can take input), actuators, micro-controllers; and the firmware

Agent environment - An environment where an agent is placed and several factors affect an agent in an environment such as temperature, motion and so on.

Different ways of receiving input, WAN, Bluetooth, etc

In Arduino, we use pinMode() to configure th pin to behave either as an INPUT or OUTPUT device
e.g pinMode(pin,mode)

STEPS
Declare it as a variable local or global
State the mode under the void setup(){}
Give if functionality under the void loop(){}

corrective maintenance
preventive maintenance
predictive maintenance

UNDERSTAND DATA STRUCTURES AND ALGORITHM


DAY 3
Technologies in vogue in this fourth industrial revolution
1. AI
2. Cloud computing
3. Robotics
4. Extended realities(AR & VR)
5. 3D Printing
6. Blockchain technology

Books to read:- 1. Outliers by Malcolm Gladwell
				2. 15 Invaluable Laws of Growth by John C. Mawell


MIND:
1. The places you go to
2. The books you read
3. The friends you keep

Check for problems that are : Popular, Growing, Urgent, Mandatory, 1M potential users.

DAY 4
Protus is a simulation software for circuit board designs. Also a breadboard circuit can be used.
In a capacitor and LED, the longer leg is the +ve and the shorter leg is the -ve, though, it can come with equal legs.

The higher the resistance the higher the voltage and the lower the current V=IR

A potentiometer is a variable resistor. It has several resistors packed in them.

Supplied voltage(Vs) - Required voltage(Vr) / Required Current(Ir)

Color Codes
Blue - 0
Brown - 1
Red - 2
Orange - 3
Yellow - 4
Green - 5
Blue - 6
Violet - 7
Grey - 8
Wh - 9

Tolerance colors
Tolerance is used to check the voltage gain or loss in a circuit
Gold - 5%
Silver - 10%
Any other color for tolerance - 20%

software to use is fritzing at fritzing.org

isheda.com for arduino kits andcomponents-